Clarify how block grid output is constructed by built-in views (#4454)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Backoffice/Property-Editors/Built-in-Property-Editors/Block-Editor/Block-Grid-Editor/index.md

<link rel="stylesheet" href="@Url.Content("~/css/blockgridlayout.css")" />
```

:::note
Behind the scenes a set of built-in Partial Views are responsible for rendering the Blocks and Areas in a grid layout. If you want to tweak or change the way the grid layout is rendered, you can use the built-in Partial Views as a starting point:

> 1. Clone the views from <a href="https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/">GitHub</a> - you will find them under
>    `/src/Umbraco.Cms.StaticAssets/Views/Partials/blockgrid/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the views from `<a href="https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/">GitHub</a>`. They can be found in 
   `/src/Umbraco.Cms.StaticAssets/Views/Partials/blockgrid/`
```
